let's upgrade our team some more let's
buy another be sleep later Jordan Reed
thousand six hundred coins Washington
Redskins tight end long passing
chemistry a thousand six hundred coins I
take that back Antonio Brown the
steelers wide receiver 3,300 coins long
pass chemistry as well you're probably
saying wait skills you brought a white
bunch of wide receivers already I did
buy two wide receivers i bought santana
moss and also bought many hands but
Antonio Brown he's our number one now
y'all so imma play him at the number one
Santana Moss at number two and
manningham at number three for the wide
receivers plus we have Jordan Reed so
hopefully Kaepernick can find them in
the back of the end zone and we can
start throwing a lot of points I got
high expectations for Reed so we get the
first possession of the game we kicked
it to us and as you can see Shane Vereen
down the wing basting and feasting look
at him beastin nice run down the
sideline great 34 yard pickup we move on
first and ten cat for Nick what you
gonna do when they come for you Shane
Vereen and I feel get stopped so so we
were you know I wanted to make sure I
scored here I didn't get the good I
couldn't even speak cuz i was going to
interception baby but i wanted to score
and that because when I don't receive
the ball first I always like to what
when I do receive the ball first I would
like to score man because as you guys
know I don't like to receive first I'd
like to receive second but either way
look at those big hits right there
trying to get the running back in the
backfield but he picked up one yard so
we had to play great defense right here
we threw a pick what that means we got
to play fantastic defense down in the
backfield third and ten good defensive
stand so far you guys remember Coleman
you guys remember my safety Coleman that
I'm never gonna upgrade not never ever
ever do you remember that guy the guy
that has like four pickles for this team
hey oz not Coleman
it's not calming all right I was just
getting your hopes up it's not calling
me but we're gonna be rich pickle pick
six we'll take it we're back in front
but we're in front for the first time in
the game and really that was big because
throwing a pickle and being able to get
it right back and get a pic with a
pick-six it puts everything right back
to the way it should have been in the
beginning of the game so now another
defensive stand what by seven points now
we gotta show that we're great defense
and we start off the game well right oh
oh my opponent what are you doing baby
got slowed down you panicked right there
Don 13-7 I'm looking for another pickle
last time he had third down I picked it
off let's see if I can do it again it's
cold man around where's Coleman Oh baby
just put it up soco make a picot fourth
and 15 he decides to go for my defense
has been pretty damn good so far in the
beginning his game 16 seconds left in
the first quarter fourth and 15 this guy
was trying to be the real life Peyton
Manning he changed every single play
that he called was ridiculous cold
me awhile while he just got a fourth and
15 only 34 yards the Calvin Johnson good
throw good catch he's keeping the drive
alive third and 21 get down to the
ground bait be fourth and 28 he has to
kick a field going is right now in the
middle I don't even know if people miss
career I think that field why miss like
an episode of two or three that was the
first ever first ever miss pilgrim high
so we move on Shane Vereen Kaepernick
finds it almost get that first down
second and two doing well let's keep it
going as you can see i love getting
Shane Vereen the ball out the backfield
that works money nobody could stop I'm
look at them use a boost when you do
that play but I do need a running back I
can just drop the shoulders and run over
people again Oh Jordan
booyaa team of the week number seven
Jordan read the card is beastly to
Washington Redskins tight end into them
into the end zone to give us a 14-3 lead
then he puts it up whoo that was Coleman
coming across the field and getting a
pickle but it didn't work out good
defense right there second and ten he
steps back second I can't get him he's
throwing it down the field Thompson
should have been a pickle unlucky can't
believe you didn't grab that I had a
better safety probably would have picked
it off so forth and 19 this guy goes for
he's always gambling on fourth down he
throws it up there's no way for the
second time on fourth and long guy get
beat deep doesn't matter though because
half time came he gets the ball back to
start the half off so we have to put up
another good defensive stand here nice
throw good catch and look at that man I
dive wrong and he was pretty much so
lucky cuz he probably should have been
dropped for a loss of three but then he
ended up picking up 13 the throw down
the pit always called me Colby spoon our
safety cold man with a mean we get the
ball right back up by two scores are
ready looking for someone I see my be
who is it always said Tony yo Antonio
Brown leaping first down $19 for Antonio
Brown so all the players we bought a
working out crane great Shane
Vereen down the side why I gotta stop
jump three rushes for Shane Vereen 63
yards I should be handing the ball off
more to an O Kaepernick cat Kaepernick
this new another touchdown as cat fur
dich are we going for knowing this
ultimate team I think so wait let's not
get too confident yet because we're
still in the third quarter a minute 49
seconds left he hands it off to his
running back Peterson down to the ground
homie Peterson 5 for 22 I stopped the
run game good the only thing i can say
that i did bad defensively this game was
I gave up big four thousand twice
hopefully I won't do it again he steps
back with his quarterback he's looking
for something he puts it up that should
have been a pickle that should have been
a pickle I try to use a picket I messed
up completely and he
gets a monster monster play Calvin
Johnson three receptions 138 yards at
this point in the game he's trying to
run I died I fell to the floor and look
at that he runs for about 25 yards with
his quarterback touchdown game on Ted
221 I'm looking for something Jordan
Reed the reskin start on his old booze
look at the Beasley beastly moves get
off me slick get off me sunshine he
knocks people off you from two
receptions 97 yards her team at a week
seven Jordan Reed Jordan Reed is the
real deal Shane Vereen I'm gonna give it
to the boy and watch them teach these
kids how to dougie nice move Shane
Vereen 2810 beeston feastin end of the
fourth quarter he puts it up he gets a
touchdown a minute 14 remaining let's
make sure we run this game as you can
see I Randall Kaepernick right there to
get running 26 seconds left take a
knee 1828 I'm a walk out of here let
another dumb yet I'm a walk out of here
a little bit closely making the playoffs
we ain't really struggled yet we
struggled in the last game a little bit
we barely won it who always you know
always dominate it seems like we're
always the ones scoring first that's a
good thing if you enjoy these ultimate
teams you know what to do make sure to
smash that thumbs up go crazy on it back
and also make sure to subscribe it spend
your boy a skills see you next time Oh
your money